
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000486                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   485631500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  485631500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 113599                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   145728                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44135359                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 327628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1249948                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1603477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           83392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          128832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             212224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        83392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         83392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             2013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          171718680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          265287569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             437006249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     171718680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        171718680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        42171894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             42171894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        42171894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         171718680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         265287569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            479178142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1361                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1361                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 206464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   83072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  212288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                87104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     90                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    44                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     485630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1361                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    323.455568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.605483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   319.360863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          276     31.05%     31.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          211     23.73%     54.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          135     15.19%     69.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           59      6.64%     76.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      4.50%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      4.05%     85.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      2.25%     87.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.24%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          101     11.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      40.325000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     28.545341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     61.289678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15              4      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31            50     62.50%     67.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47            17     21.25%     88.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63             2      2.50%     91.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79             2      2.50%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111            1      1.25%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      2.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-367            1      1.25%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-431            1      1.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           79                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.240506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.227954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.664391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               69     87.34%     87.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      2.53%     89.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      8.86%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      1.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            79                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     56306500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               116794000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   16130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17448.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4998.45                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36192.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       425.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       171.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    437.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    179.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      28.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2570                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1057                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     103811.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  3619980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1908885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                11402580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2917980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         16595280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             31263360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               453120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        51162630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         8748000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         67971240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              196043055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            403.686028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            415888500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       391000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       7026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    280912750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     22776500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      62326000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    112199250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  2784600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1461075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                11631060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3831480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         17209920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             30264720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1439520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        47881710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        11342880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         68537580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              196384545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            404.389214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            415516750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3005750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       7292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    280971250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     29541500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      59817000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    105004000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                   83017                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted             83017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              4933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                61851                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    1914                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups           61851                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits              54892                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             6959                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1077                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      486770                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       89987                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           400                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            78                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                      134804                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           204                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    30                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           971264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             168418                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        1396555                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                       83017                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches              56806                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                        725316                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   10038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1333                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           77                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                    134692                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  2555                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples             900269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.039484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.271408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                   616174     68.44%     68.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     5489      0.61%     69.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    40710      4.52%     73.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     4991      0.55%     74.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     6483      0.72%     74.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     6221      0.69%     75.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    40354      4.48%     80.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                     3735      0.41%     80.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   176112     19.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total               900269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.085473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.437874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    91196                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                584782                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     85851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                133421                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   5019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                1713567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   5019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   165641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  193110                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2018                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    142013                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                392468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                1697018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 46213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 302534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                  35969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             2350965                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               4056866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          2599723                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            237586                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               2229779                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   121186                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 47                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             45                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    955596                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               490546                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores               91420                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads             48207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores              141                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    1673793                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  80                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   1652943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                61                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           70395                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        88864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        900269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.836055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.476400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              213329     23.70%     23.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              171084     19.00%     42.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              255248     28.35%     71.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              127070     14.11%     85.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               85646      9.51%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               41887      4.65%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                4156      0.46%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                1594      0.18%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 255      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total          900269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     256     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   1469     72.51%     85.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   300     14.81%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                1      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              1946      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               1000858     60.55%     60.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  630      0.04%     60.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  3318      0.20%     60.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               67887      4.11%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     65.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               386349     23.37%     88.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               57654      3.49%     91.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          101517      6.14%     98.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          32784      1.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                1652943                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.701847                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        2026                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001226                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            3803763                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           1539335                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1440982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              404479                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             204998                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       202168                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                1450783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  202240                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           112762                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13947                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3915                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   5019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                   45267                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 16546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             1673873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                490546                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                91420                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 55                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   1396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 14994                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           2078                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 5392                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               1646874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                486756                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              6069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       576735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                    64548                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                      89979                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.695599                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        1644098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       1643150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                   1416926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   1912642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.691765                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.740821                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           70439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              32                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              4971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       888814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.804064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.539032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       420934     47.36%     47.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206543     23.24%     70.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        17594      1.98%     72.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51988      5.85%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38139      4.29%     82.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8568      0.96%     83.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10166      1.14%     84.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       129666     14.59%     99.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5216      0.59%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       888814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              1249948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                1603477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                         564104                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                        476599                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                      62348                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     202036                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                   1534426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 1172                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1259      0.08%      0.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           966978     60.31%     60.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             526      0.03%     60.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             2804      0.17%     60.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          67806      4.23%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          375185     23.40%     88.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          54728      3.41%     91.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       101414      6.32%     97.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        32777      2.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           1603477                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                  5216                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      2557514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     3359349                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             685                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           70995                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1249948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       1603477                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.777044                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.777044                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.286929                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.286929                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  2510054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                 1325722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    234129                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   167271                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    462375                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   782633                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                  709171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      2                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           923.515087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                8897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.941709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   923.515087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.901870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.901870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            924341                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           924341                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       370615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          370615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        86697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          86697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        457312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           457312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       457312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          457312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         3043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          3043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         3852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           3852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         3852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          3852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    177897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     52611500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52611500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    230508500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    230508500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    230508500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    230508500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       373658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       373658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        87506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       461164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       461164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       461164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       461164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58461.058166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58461.058166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65032.756489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65032.756489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59841.251298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59841.251298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59841.251298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59841.251298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          572                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     82492500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82492500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     51469500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51469500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    133962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    133962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009199                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009199                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68288.493377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68288.493377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63937.267081                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63937.267081                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66548.435171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66548.435171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66548.435171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66548.435171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           249.737295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              123451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            117.909265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle         130961000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   249.737295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.975536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            270685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           270685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       132932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          132932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        132932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           132932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       132932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          132932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111725499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111725499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111725499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111725499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111725499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111725499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       134691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       134691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       134691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       134691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       134691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63516.486072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63516.486072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63516.486072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63516.486072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63516.486072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63516.486072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    73.958333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88285999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88285999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88285999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88285999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     88285999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88285999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67703.986963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67703.986963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67703.986963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67703.986963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67703.986963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67703.986963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          5359                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         2043                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    485631500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total         3654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total         5021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       150400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total       150400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       149312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total       149312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  299712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.002412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.049058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3309     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       8      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11387000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6901750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           10665999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
